Let's briefly see what the specific
areas of knowledge are,
what you'll learn in this marketing
course the fundamentals
to keep in mind, before you
get into the mud a little
bit.
As I have said, understanding customers
is fundamental, we will learn to
segment, that segmentation
sounds like a typical concept boring
and familiar, but I assure you
that it is transformative, in what
it consists is that you will
learn to analyze your market from
many different perspectives
that make you see things
clearer.
We will learn to create customer
people, which is to convert those
segments, after all you can't analyze
or describe them, you
can measure them, but when you
think of people it's much easier
that you learn to understand
your customers well.
We will work a lot on this, because
you have to be very good understanding
your customers already, but from
what perspectives you have to analyze
them, what is what you have to know
about your customers, what you have
to know the age and sex, you don't
have to know thousands of things more,
you have to know why they buy you,
why they don't buy you, what
they think of you, what they
think of the competition, how is
their decision process, etc.
Imagine when you know all this, it is
that it is gold, it is that then everything
is very easy.
We will learn a series of strategies
or tools of targeting, which
is basically, you have to decide
which customer person or which
customer segments to address
and people do it a little by intuition,
but it is that when you know
the techniques you realize that
there are many more opportunities.
We will learn to quantify the
size of the market, mainly from
two perspectives, because
we should never forget this,
it is large enough to make
the decision to which
segments to aim.
You have to learn a series of
tools, concepts and models that
help you create winning, differentiated,
more powerful value proposals,
etc.
As we said, this is important,
the most powerful thing is that
you are able to create things
that people want to buy.
To do this, we will look at a model
that we have created that helps
you understand well what a value proposition
is and what are the components
of a value proposition or
what are the ingredients
of a value proposition.
If I now ask you to analyze the value
proposal of BlaBlaCar, for
example, that we will analyze it,
because I am sure that what you tell
me is a mess and when you have a mess
in your head it is very difficult
to innovate on that, it is very difficult
to improve.
That's what we want you to
see very clearly.
In addition to the model, what we'
re going to do is share a series
of tips that help you create
more powerful value proposals and
basically are two.
One of them is that you have
to try to appeal or generate
benefits that are truly important
to people, we'll see what
I mean.
And another is that you have to,
as far as possible, try to create
proposals that reduce costs,
not only economic, but the efforts
associated with your proposal
with respect to your
competitors, that is,
increase convenience.
Let us look at a case that illustrates
its perfection.
And this is potentially great, when
you get it, what you do is have
more powerful proposals than your
competitors and basically you crush them.
Another of the techniques,
knowledge, strategies that will help
you in this great challenge of
being good creating very powerful
value proposals is to know the
blue ocean strategy.
Basically, everyone, all companies
in any sector, in any sector
are absolute fools,
are all doing the same.
And you will know a series of very
practical tools, such as the value
curve, such as the RICE matrix, such
as the innovation in value, which helps
you, not forcing you almost, is to
think otherwise with the aim of
getting out of that flock, which
we do not call the flock, we call
the red ocean in which they are
all there fighting, doing the
same and looking for your blue
ocean.
Not only will we look
at the tools, but we will look at
cases that will inspire you that
this is relatively easy to
do, especially when you have
the knowledge.
The Power MBA is a clear case of blue
ocean, HouseFight, Global Password,
Miluna Rooms, I think you will
love it, because as I say, they will
illustrate how others have done it
and you will begin to understand
much better the disruption generated
by other companies.
You also have to learn
to turn ideas, projects into
reality.
We are speaking especially of ideas
or projects that are innovative
in which there is a lot
of risk.
Traditionally, to what we have learned,
because it has always been so,
historically the markets
because they had little
certainty, evolved little, etc.,
we have learned to compete, we
have learned to be better than
others in environments, well,
competitive.
But when you are talking about
innovating or creating things
that don't exist, where the risk
is much greater, the knowledge
you have to have is radically
different.
And if you apply what we've learned
all your life, you apply it in environments
of high uncertainty and risk because
you're creating things that you
don't know if they're going
to want to buy you, how
the market will react, etc.
If you do, you will die a hundred percent.
It is always so.
We must learn or want
to learn.
This is the Lean Start methodology.
And you'll also learn something
you'll love, which is a
competition we've called Power
Selling.
Basically, what you will
learn is to sell super attractively
your proposal, your products,
your services.
And this, when you have a
proposal that people want to
buy, if not, obviously not.
But we are starting out with that
yes, that you are in a market where
people are buying you.
When you apply this, when you
apply this knowledge, you sell
a lot more.
When you apply this knowledge and,
for example, invest here and
there, it is that everything will
work a thousand times better.
What will we learn?
Well, let's look at the laws of
persuasion that are a series of laws
described by Robert Cialdini,
who is the greatest guru in this,
which helps us understand a number
of things that we can apply to
marketing.
We'll see a decalogue that we'
ve created so that everything
you sell you do irresistibly.
Everything we sell is
all about.
Every time you write an email,
every time you post an ad,
your website, etc.
And if you apply the decalogue, what
you'll get is that it's resilient.
One of the key tips, which in addition
there are a number of techniques
you will learn too, is to generate
intrigue, generate curiosity,
generate surprise.
Usually, when you jump ads on display
or social networks, or whatever,
they are all, they are boring,
they tell you nothing, they
leave you indifferent.
You have to learn to create
a lot of surprises.
We will almost be inspired by magazines
like El Cuore, for example,
where everything generates a lot
of curiosity.
There are a number of techniques you
will learn.
We will learn to apply the decalogue
and all this series of techniques.
And we'll see it with examples,
some of our own, to create ads
on Facebook, to create lead magnets,
that we'll see what it is, if
you don't know it, to create
ads on Google and more.
And what you'll learn is to create
a structure with all the messages
you want to communicate.
And this is something that
helps a lot, because you are sure
you want to communicate a lot of things
and start with a blank sheet, right?
I am talking about your website,
for example.
So we'll learn what messages
you have to incorporate and how to
structure them so that it's super
easy to follow, so that you don't
require mental strength, so that
it's super entertaining, etc.
And in particular, we will apply
a framework, a model, that helps
us create this script of all your
communications and that is as attractive
as if it were, because that,
a story, a novel or a movie.